README.md, before:

# Wakka Tracker

Goal tracking application built on Next.js, Prisma, Postgres, Zod and tRPC.

May or may not someday have a game element :shrug:

## Setup

**yarn:**

```bash
yarn
yarn dx
```

### Requirements

- Node >= 14
- Docker (for running Postgres)

### Commands

```bash
yarn build      # runs `prisma generate` + `prisma migrate` + `next build`
yarn db-nuke    # resets local db
yarn dev        # starts next.js
yarn dx         # starts postgres db + runs migrations + seeds + starts next.js
yarn test-dev   # runs e2e tests on dev
yarn test-start # runs e2e tests on `next start` - build required before
yarn test:unit  # runs normal jest unit tests
yarn test:e2e   # runs e2e tests
```

## Deployment

### Using [Render](https://render.com/)

The project contains a [`render.yaml`](./render.yaml) [_"Blueprint"_](https://render.com/docs/blueprint-spec) which makes the project easily deployable on [Render](https://render.com/).

Go to [dashboard.render.com/blueprints](https://dashboard.render.com/blueprints) and connect to this Blueprint and see how the app and database automatically gets deployed.

## Files of note

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Path</th>
      <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="./prisma/schema.prisma"><code>./prisma/schema.prisma</code></a></td>
      <td>Prisma schema</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="./src/pages/api/trpc/[trpc].ts"><code>./src/pages/api/trpc/[trpc].ts</code></a></td>
      <td>tRPC response handler</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="./src/server/routers"><code>./src/server/routers</code></a></td>
      <td>Your app's different tRPC-routers</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

---

Author: Andy Quinn (Guice)

Commit message:

fix: update task schema, albeit detatched from goalSchema...

README.md, after:

# Wakka Tracker

Goal tracking application built on Next.js, Prisma, Postgres, Zod and tRPC.

May or may not someday have a game element :shrug:

## Setup

**yarn:**

```bash
yarn
yarn dx
```

### Requirements

- Node >= 14
- Docker (for running Postgres)

### Commands

```bash
yarn build      # runs `prisma generate` + `prisma migrate` + `next build`
yarn db-nuke    # resets local db
yarn dev        # starts next.js
yarn dx         # starts postgres db + runs migrations + seeds + starts next.js
yarn test-dev   # runs e2e tests on dev
yarn test-start # runs e2e tests on `next start` - build required before
yarn test:unit  # runs normal jest unit tests
yarn test:e2e   # runs e2e tests
```

## Deployment

### Using [Render](https://render.com/)

The project contains a [`render.yaml`](./render.yaml) [_"Blueprint"_](https://render.com/docs/blueprint-spec) which makes the project easily deployable on [Render](https://render.com/).

Go to [dashboard.render.com/blueprints](https://dashboard.render.com/blueprints) and connect to this Blueprint and see how the app and database automatically gets deployed.

## Files of note

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Path</th>
      <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="./prisma/schema.prisma"><code>./prisma/schema.prisma</code></a></td>
      <td>Prisma schema</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="./src/pages/api/trpc/[trpc].ts"><code>./src/pages/api/trpc/[trpc].ts</code></a></td>
      <td>tRPC response handler</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="./src/server/routers"><code>./src/server/routers</code></a></td>
      <td>Your app's different tRPC-routers</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## Dev Quirks

Sometimes the local data_db volume can cause issues on larger db schema changes
Use this to clear the volumes:

```bash
docker-compose down --volumes
```

---

Author: Andy Quinn (Guice)
